see Commission uncomfortable
I think he's on a rooftop and here we
got a rooftop shooter
I shot me again all of his you you scum
get just anybody around here no rather
and say what's going on here right now I
wish I could drop stuff on you guys Oh
what would you think on T to drop you
guys like it close right there did I do
good
Joe to do good I almost uh slowing it
down a little
I wish I could which I was gonna say I
wish I could put my landing gear down I
just realized I can't put it up so
that's not a problem we should a high
five right there Oh Chrissy died good I
just you see the crane right there along
the side the building
I went between the crane in the building
gap I guess that's kind of cool here do
it again and do it this time with a
missile behind you all right Thank You
pretty cool hit right here see it was
brought the missile right back to it so
trippy you should try that one more time
ZB bring the missile bag does that serve
any clothing I was trying to troll you
and you rose
Chile's anxious father
there you go I like that looks behind me
the barrios like one jet plane sounds so
loud a fucking look right behind Houston
get it got me questions don't eat
healthy gums
haha this heart is bug dude dammit is
our plane no you the bigger the plane
chartered I've no idea where you're
going from right out oh my god Oh what
did you so friggin close right there I
hit him tonight
not exactly the ground yeah the
helicopter scared the shit out of me and
I got the wobbles and I think that's why
I hit the floor
who's agent benefit the helicopter was
hilarious dude the guy's a ok right come
on